Simplify Docker (#451)
mosdef-hub/foyer: docs/source/getting_started/docker.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    $ docker pull mosdef/foyer:latest
    $ docker run -it --name foyer -p 8888:8888 mosdef/foyer:latest

If no command is provided to the container (as above), the container starts a ``jupyter-notebook`` at the container location ``/home/anaconda/data``.
Then, the notebook can be accessed by copying and pasting the notebook URL into a web browser on your computer.

> When finish with the session, you can use Ctr+C and follow instruction to exit the notebook as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When finished with the session, you can use `Ctrl`+`C` and follow instruction to exit the notebook as usual.
```
